Not selected Text message radio button
one of three in list 3 items double tap
to toggle.
Not selected e-mail radio button two of
three, double tap to toggle.
Not selected.
Your last option is a Security question
such as what is your mother's maiden name
or what is your favorite color?
Radio button three of three,
double tap to toggle not selected.
e-mail Radio button two of three,
double tap to toggle selected.
Your last option is a Security question
such as what is your mother's maiden name
or what is your favorite color?
Radio button three of three.